Last night, the head of the Sun family had already arrived.
Then Lin Pin, can he prove himself?
As a couple, you can no longer discuss matters between me and Lin Pin.
You are ridiculous, Yu Zhun.
Do you think the kind of Master Sun who came just now?
It was for me to learn together. Managed by a desperate person.
in the eyes,
I will do my best to attack you as you please.
Grandpa, I don't.
How many do you do? How can you really survive?
He gave birth to such an unjust child,
Just stay away from things that are afraid of outsiders. You,
You see, I am also stupid.
Didn’t the Sun family who came just now also say that?
He came under the stewardship of God and Earth
It doesn't matter if it's okay or not
You let me come out alone
Look at this piece of trash on the ground
Want to do this to me
In your eyes
Is it just a tool that can be used?
Overcome what you did
You can press a button to return to the remaining positions.
I promise I will take you out in a civilized manner today.
Onomura wants to tell you